1. Rules and regulations:

The following rules and regulations apply to all visitors to or users of this Web Site, to Fortinet, Inc. (“Fortinet”) end users, Fortinet channel partners,
or to Fortinet vendors and suppliers as set forth below. By accessing this Web Site, user acknowledges acceptance of relevant terms and conditions.
Fortinet, Inc. ("Fortinet") reserves the right to change these rules and regulations from time to time at its sole discretion.
In the case of any violation of these rules and regulations, Fortinet reserves the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity for such violations.
These rules and regulations apply to all visits to the Fortinet Web Site, both now and in the future.

2. Limited License:

Fortinet hereby authorizes you to copy materials published by Fortinet on this Web Site solely for non-commercial use within your organization
(or if you are a FortiPartner, your customer's organization) in support of Fortinet products. No other use of the information is authorized.
In consideration of this authorization, you agree that any copy of these materials which you make shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices
in the same form and manner as on the original. Except as specified above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication,
estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent, trademark or copyright of Fortinet or any third party.

ALL CONTENTS ON THIS SITE ARE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT. EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PERMITTED HEREIN, NO PORTION OF THE INFORMATION ON THIS WEB SITE MAY BE REPRODUCED IN ANY FORM,
OR BY ANY MEANS, WITHOUT PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION FROM FORTINET. VISITORS OR USERS ARE NOT PERMITTED TO MODIFY, DISTRIBUTE, PUBLISH, TRANSMIT OR CREATE DERIVATIVE WORKS OF
ANY MATERIAL FOUND ON THIS SITE FOR ANY PUBLIC OR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES.

3. Disclaimer:

FORTINET MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN THIS WEBSITE. Fortinet intends the information contained in this Web Site to be accurate and reliable.
However, errors may occasionally occur. Therefore, all information and materials are provided "AS IS" without any warranty of any kind.
FORTINET DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER RELATING TO OR REFERENCED BY THIS WEB SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
The information contained in this website represents the view of Fortinet, Inc. on the issues discussed as of the date of publication.
Because Fortinet must respond to changing market conditions, the information contained on this web site should not be interpreted as a commitment on the part of Fortinet.
This website is for informational purposes only. Fortinet may have patents, patent applications, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property rights covering subject
matter in this document. Except as expressly provided in any written license agreement from Fortinet, the furnishing of this website or documents contained in this website
does not give you any license to these patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property.

4. Compliance with Applicable Laws: Export Controls:

The software and technical data on this web site is subject to the laws, regulations, orders or other restrictions regarding import to, and export and re-export from,
various countries, including export and re-export restrictions that may be imposed by applicable laws of the United States. By downloading or accessing software or technical data,
you are agreeing not to import, export or re-export, either directly or indirectly (including transmission and shipment) except in accordance with all applicable laws,
and you are accepting responsibility to determine what is necessary to assure such compliance. In particular, but without limitation, you agree not to export, re-export or
provide the software or technical data:

to, or to a national or resident of: Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, and the Crimea Region of Ukraine or to any other country embargoed or restricted by the U.S.
(This list is subject to change, and you must comply with the proscribed lists as they exist in fact.)
to anyone on the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders or the U.S. Department of Treasury's Specially Designated Nationals Lists, or
to any person or entity who has been prohibited from participating in U.S. export transactions by any agency of the U.S. Government.
You are also agreeing not to download, transfer, export or re-export Fortinet products, technology or software to yourself, your customers or any intermediate entity
in the chain of supply if our products will be used in the design, development, production, stockpiling or use of missiles, chemical or biological weapons or for nuclear end uses,
without obtaining prior authorization from the U.S. Government.

FortiPartners can also find additional export control information at: https://partnerportal.fortinet.com in the "Notes and other Tools" Section by clicking on the Global Trade Compliance link.
If you have further questions please contact our Global Trade Compliance Department at exportalert@fortinet.com.

5. Trademarks:

Any trademarks, logos and service marks ("Marks") displayed on this Web Site are the property of Fortinet or other third parties. Users are not permitted to use these Marks
without the prior written consent of Fortinet or such third party which may own the Mark. "Fortinet," "FortiGate," "FortiContent®," "FortiOS," "FortiBIOS," and "FortiASIC"
are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Fortinet Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be
the trademarks of their respective owners.

6. Products and Availability:

Because international information is provided at this Web Site, not all products or programs mentioned will be available in your country. Please contact your local authorized reseller
for Fortinet products for information as to products and services available in your country.

7. Software License, Service Terms & Conditions and End User License Agreement:

Any software which you download is governed in accordance with (i) the license terms accompanying the file or (ii) if no license terms accompany the file,
the terms of the license agreement which accompanied the original product licensed by you which you are updating or (iii) the license terms pursuant to this End User License Agreement.

Warranty and Support activation is based on the earliest one of 3 events that need to occur. The initial connection of the product with Fortinet, registration of the product at Fortinet or
60 (US/Canada) or 100 days (International) after product is shipped from Fortinet. See US/Canada and EMEA/APAC/LATAM warranty policy for further details.

Please see the following for the terms and conditions for Fortinet Services: Fortinet Service Terms & Conditions, as updated from time to time in Fortinet’s discretion.

Fortinet support is only available for products that you purchased directly from an authorized Fortinet channel partner. Products not purchased from an authorized Fortinet channel partner
are not eligible, and will not be supported. To find an authorized Fortinet channel partner for your purchase, please visit https://www.fortinet.com/partners/partner-program/find-a-partner.html.

8. Privacy:

Fortinet has a privacy policy, incorporated herein, designed to let you know what information we collect when you use our website and our products and services,
including why we collect it, and how we safeguard it.
Our privacy policy is provided so that you can make informed choices about which products to use and how to use them, located at https://www.fortinet.com/corporate/about-us/privacy

9. Terms and Conditions of Sale:

The following terms and conditions apply to all Fortinet sales directly, if and when applicable at https://www.fortinet.com/content/dam/fortinet/assets/legal/SOA.pdf

10. Purchase Order Terms and Conditions for Vendors/Suppliers; Vendor/Supplier Code of Conduct

The following standard terms and conditions apply to Fortinet purchase orders for procurement at https://www.fortinet.com/content/dam/fortinet/assets/legal/PO_Terms.pdf

Additionally, the following applies to all Fortinet Vendors/Suppliers at https://www.fortinet.com/content/dam/fortinet/assets/legal/vendor-supplier-code-of-conduct.pdf

11. California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010:

View Fortinet’s Response to the Act at https://www.fortinet.com/content/dam/fortinet/assets/legal/CATransparency.pdf

12. Fortinet Partner Code of Conduct:

All Fortinet partners, such as distributors, resellers, alliance partners, and their employees, independent contractors, and agents agree to conduct themselves in
a legal and ethical manner and in line with Fortinet’s Partner Code of Conduct located here: Fortinet Partner Code of Conduct

13. Fortinet Anti-Corruption Policy:

Fortinet’s policy on anti-bribery and anti-corruption is located at https://www.fortinet.com/content/dam/fortinet/assets/legal/fortinet-anti-corruption-policy.pdf.
